Store instructions, rs5, workflow, install method (#5687)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/hololens/holographic-store-apps.md

## Install apps

> To download apps, you'll need to be signed in with a Microsoft account. Some apps are free and can be downloaded right away. Apps that require a purchase require you to be signed into the Store with your Microsoft account and have a valid payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download apps, you'll need to be signed in with a Microsoft account. Some apps are free and can be downloaded right away. Apps that require a purchase require you to be signed into the Store with your Microsoft account and have a valid payment method.
```

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >The account you can use on Microsoft Store does not have to be the same as the account you are signed in with. If you are using a Work or School account on your HoloLens then you'll need to sign in with your personal account in the Store App to make a purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The account you use on Microsoft Store does not have to be the same as the account you are signed in with. If you are using a Work or School account on your HoloLens then you'll need to sign in with your personal account in the Store App to make a purchase.
```

To set up a payment method, go to [account.microsoft.com](https://account.microsoft.com/) and select **Payment & billing** > **Payment options** > **Add a payment option**.

> 1. To open the [**Start** menu](holographic-home.md), perform a the [Start gesture](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens2-basic-usage#start-gesture) or [bloom](hololens1-basic-usage.md) gesture on HoloLens 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To open the [**Start** menu](holographic-home.md), perform a [Start gesture](https://docs.microsoft.com/hololens/hololens2-basic-usage#start-gesture) or [bloom](hololens1-basic-usage.md) gesture on HoloLens 1.
```

> 1. To open the [**Start** menu](holographic-home.md), perform a the [Start gesture](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens/hololens2-basic-usage#start-gesture) or [bloom](hololens1-basic-usage.md) gesture on HoloLens 1.

Reviewer 2: @evmill - can you remove the "en-us" from this URL?

Author: @scooley Removed. I'll try to get in the habit of removing them going forward.

1. Select the Store app. Once the Store app opens:

>   1. Use the search bar to look for any desired application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Use the search bar to look for any desired applications. 
```

>   1. Select from one of curated categories to find essential apps or apps made specifically for HoloLens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Select essential apps or apps made specifically for HoloLens from one of the curated categories.
```

>   1. On the top right of the Store app, select the **"..."** button and then select **My Library** to view any previously purchased apps.

Reviewer 3: Pls remove the quote marks from the button (unless they're actually in the UI.

Reviewer 4: Good point. I did not think about the UI aspect.

Reviewer 4: @evmill : Please edit this part as suggested by @Teresa-Motiv , or commit my suggestion below:
```suggestion
  1. On the top right of the Store app, select the **...** button and then select **My Library** to view any previously purchased apps.
```

>   1. On the top right of the Store app select the **"..."** button and select **My Library**, to view any perviously purchased apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. On the top right of the Store app, select the **"..."** button and select **My Library** to view any previously purchased apps.
```

1. Select **Get** or **Install** on the application's page (a purchase may be required).

## Uninstall apps

There are two ways to uninstall applications.  You can uninstall applications through the Microsoft Store or Start menu.

### Uninstall from the Start menu

> On the **Start** menu or in the **All apps** list, browse to the app. Air Tap and hold until the menu appears, then select **Uninstall**.

Reviewer 4: Capitalization: "air tap" is a common expression and not a proper feature name (hence no need for uppercase T)
```suggestion
On the **Start** menu or in the **All apps** list, browse to the app. Air tap and hold until the menu appears, then select **Uninstall**.
```

> On the **Start** menu or in the **All apps** list, browse to the app. Air Tap and hold until the menu appears, then select **Uninstall**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the **Start** menu or in the **All apps** list, browse to the app. Air tap and hold until the menu appears, then select **Uninstall**.
```
